Add comprehensive AI coding agent instructions for Decidim development (#15187)
decidim/decidim: .ai/important-notes.md

# Important Notes

> - **NEVER CANCEL** builds or tests that take more than 2 minutes - builds can take 3+ minutes, full test suites 15+ minutes

Reviewer: Without parallel or is we test generators, the tests can be 1 hour. Dunno if relevant.

Reviewer 2: Fixed at 9c852c8398e2fec8496e7c04cb102997b919ab3e - also mentioned parallel tests and more info in testing just in case

> - **NEVER CANCEL** builds or tests that take more than 2 minutes - builds can take 3+ minutes, full test suites 15+ minutes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **NEVER CANCEL** builds or tests that take more than 2 minutes - builds can take 3+ minutes, full test suites for a module 60+ minutes
```

- Always use the exact Ruby and Node versions specified in `.ruby-version` and `.node-version`.
- The development app (`rake development_app`) is the primary way to create a working Decidim application for development
- Each `decidim-*` directory is an independent gem with its own tests and dependencies
- Always run full validation scenarios after making changes to ensure functionality works end-to-end

> - **Changes to decidim-generators**: When making changes to `decidim-generators` that affect application configuration (files like `config/application.rb`, `config/environments/*`, etc) or other generated files, also document these changes in `RELEASE_NOTES.md`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Changes to decidim-generators**: When making changes to `decidim-generators` that affect application configuration (files like `config/application.rb`, `config/environments/*`, etc) or other generated files, also document these changes in `RELEASE_NOTES.md`
- Read more about testing (like how to run parallel tests) at @docs/modules/develop/pages/testing.adoc 
```
